you know what's going on guys Doug
sensor Martin here hope you guys having
a great day today I'm with Dan yeah it's
my to change we're gonna be doing the
Q&A hey what's the worst thing y'all
I've ever done in school so when I was
in first grade I don't know if I've said
this on my channel before but when I was
in first grade I actually decided to
have like a fruit fight in lunch and I
kind of like bullied a kid I threw
chicken nuggets at him and I threw rice
at a macho that's a dog I don't bully
kids all right I seriously have no idea
to this day looking back at this memory
why I did that there was two other
people that did it to the kid it wasn't
like this kid was like a loser or got
picked on it was actually like a kid who
did sports it was cool but for whatever
reason we decided to throw crap at him I
don't know why I had to go to the
principal's office
I didn't write an apology letter and
then I'd apologize to him and I still
don't understand why it did that to this
dog way to set the example by bullying
shut up I've never really get in trouble
in school you haven't done anything
stupid I had a one detention all of high
school what was that for and that was
the first day of senior year I didn't
shave and a teacher gave me a detention
on the first day and senior year senior
year that's the worst you've ever done I
would say the most I ever got in trouble
it was like fourth grade and it was like
when they first started putting
computers in schools and we started
playing like these like violent video
games where you just like you don't say
like those stupid video games oh yeah
yeah whatever and then I got caught like
playing it inappropriate game or
whatever and then my mom Oh Dena I cut
the wooden spoon like a million times
just for that for playing an
inappropriate game in school
damn dude I got OD not what do you think
about this I find it hilarious
what do you think of that day I think
it's freaking lit I got bored of the
song panic and they played it so much
but then I listened to it again and I
started focusing on only the background
noises and now it's just lit again do
your Penn impersonation yup oh the
background on ya have you had ever got
into a real fight Oh like a fist fight
it's not appropriate for YouTube guys I
mean you would really be here if we did
would you do your best impersonation of
each other hey guys are you that serious
today I ate breakfast then I went to the
gym because I love working out and I'm
training for football because I love
football too
sure football is my life and nothing
else is important to me and I love my
hats like this - what's going on guys
your bar near and I'm here with another
food video I know you guys love those
I'm gonna eat something and then vomit
it up and you guys are gonna watch it
anyway and I'm gonna get views hope you
guys enjoy it
like comment subscribe who was your
childhood crush so I never said this on
my youtube channel before but my
childhood crush as in terms of her
celebrity was Mary Jane Watson from
spider-man I don't know what the
actresses name is I forgot but I member
seeing that first spider-man movie and I
fell in love I wanted to be like
spider-man be like scences that's how
you write your girlfriend's about to get
mad yeah but this is when I was a kid
dude this is when I was like how do I
did spider-man come on the 2001 would
affect what if that girl sees this video
all 15 years ago whatever girl sees this
video I was 6 I was 6 years old
oh man you got a chill what about you
who was your child I talk through like
cycles of celebrity crushes I had um it
was always Scarlett Johansson then I had
Ariana Grande for a while but I've never
been into Ariana Grande I liked her for
a while but then she got way too famous
she's like too skinny dude I know I just
hate on that she's definitely not my
crush anymore so right now I don't even
know I don't even have a celebrity crush
anymore no no when you were a kid when
you were a child when I was a kid yeah
I'm talking like I was six when I'm
talking about mine so you could go as
young as as as when you were coming out
of the womb dude Liberty crush yeah I'm
probably have to go with Scarlett
Johansson boom
do a skit where Jim shark doesn't
sponsor you anymore
it's too short
I got a text
Doug after some consideration we have
decided that you are totally useless
assets our brand and will no longer be a
Billy ate it with you I would wish you
good luck but I say don't give a shit
I hope you guys are doing watching this
Q&A dan just dipped down and we just had
a lot of fun making that short little
skin obviously was a joke I'm still
wiping Jim shark it's all just for a
video so uh yeah it was fun
hope you guys enjoyed watching the video
smash the thumbs up button if you guys
did thank you guys so much for all the
support it means the world to me hope
you guys all have a great day
it's benny-boy Duck Stamp tomorrow and
I'm out guys peace